Advanced formatting techniques transform good charts into exceptional
visualizations that communicate clearly and look professional.
We'll explore custom number formats that display data exactly how
you want, including custom units, colors for positive and negative
values, and text strings. Learn to create sophisticated data labels
that combine values from multiple series or include custom text.
Master color theory for data visualization: choosing palettes that
are accessible to colorblind viewers, creating visual hierarchy,
and using color to highlight key data points. Format axes with
custom scales, logarithmic options, and strategic breaks. Add error
bars and trendlines with custom formatting. Use chart templates to
maintain consistency across multiple visualizations. Learn techniques
for minimizing chart junk while maximizing data-ink ratio. Apply
professional typography principles and alignment. These formatting
skills ensure your charts look polished and communicate effectively. worth and value
as a freelancer or entrepreneur? It's got to be copywriting.
Yes, copywriting. But what exactly is copywriting?
Is it more of an art or a science? And what are the tools,
techniques, and formulas that you will need to know about
in order to really start building momentum as a respected
in-demand copywriter. These are the questions that you often
hear being asked by those who are interested to pursue
copywriting as an exciting career change. And in this
no-nonsense, easy-to-follow masterclass, I'll show you
the exact strategies that I followed to be able to make
huge strides within six months of starting out as a
freelance copywriter. Such accomplishments include becoming
the number one health and wellness copywriter on Google,
being featured in a case study interview with top copywriter
Jacob McMillan. And to get awesome feedback like this
from none other than Craig Clemens, who's made over
$1 billion in sales thanks to the craft of copywriting.
But you may be thinking, what would I actually be learning
about in this course? Well, for a start, you'll get access
to over 60 lessons, each ranging from one to ten minutes
to make them simpler, follow, memorable, and hopefully
motivational for you to go out and take action yourself.
The lessons will cover copywriting essentials, such as
how to write attention-grabbing headlines. The six pillars
of persuasion, psychological triggers, how to find your clients,
as well as copywriting productivity hacks, SEO best practices,
power words, career development, and five hot story structures
that you can use if you're ever out of ideas. So with all
that in mind, let me ask, are you ready to give this a go?
If you are, fantastic. Let's move on from this introduction
and get started with the first lesson. See you soon.
You'll learn how to work with type, how to take advantage
of incredible font features you might not have even known existed.
And everything you need to know get started making selections
and using layer masks. Along the way, you'll complete
some quirky practice projects. Discover a few hidden surprises
and have a fair amount of fun. All the practice files
are included along with a printable cheat sheet
of common photoshop keyboard shortcuts.
By the end of this class, in addition to a profound
sense of accomplishment, you'll have a solid understanding
of photoshop basics and the foundation you need
to tackle whatever you plan to take on next.
So I'm excited for you and the adventure that
you're about to embark on. What are we waiting for?
Meet me in the next video, and let's dive in.